The Internet user has some background for him
You were in front of him just now
Just delete the video.
You completely offended him
I didn't expect my wife to care about me
Do you think he won't hold grudges if I delete the video?
What a hooligan like him says can't be trusted
If he doesn't come to me, he'll be fine
If he dares to come
Brother, let him become a legend
OK
It seems to make some sense, but it doesn't
Pocket knife
What happened to the knife?
Knife, what's wrong with you?
Knife no knife
It seems that my eyes are not only better
It has clairvoyant vision.
My body seems to have changed as well
Those old wounds are healed
What the hell is going on?
Report adult
As far as I know
There is something wrong with your body.
It may be related to the demon sword of the foreign demon emperor
You stabbed yourself in the heart with a demon knife before
If it were anyone else, they would have died long ago
But not only did you not die
Instead, turn the spiritual energy in the demon sword into a friend
So your body is healed.
The eyes have also changed
I guess I'm doomed.
The murderer who wants my head has a direct clue
The other party is very mysterious
Can't find any clues
Who is it?